::: {.row}
::: {.col-sm-12 .col-lg-3}
These are Additional License Terms for
======================================

X-CUBE-NFC6
===========

Copyright Â© 2022 STMicroelectronics

All rights reserved

[![ST logo](_htmresc/st_logo.png)](https://www.st.com){.logo}
:::

::: {.col-sm-12 .col-lg-9}
::: {.collapse}
**ANNEX 1: LIST OF SOFTWARE COMPONENTS (AND ASSOCIATED LICENSES) IN THE
SOFTWARE PACKAGE**

<div>

**SOFTWARE BILL OF MATERIALS**

Component

</div>
:::
:::
:::

Copyright

License

Core CMSIS

ARM Limited

[Apache-2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

STM32 Device CMSIS

ARM Limited, STMicroelectronics

[Apache-2.0](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

STM32G0xx HAL/LL Drivers

STMicroelectronics

[BSD-3-Clause](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

STM32L4xx HAL/LL Drivers

STMicroelectronics

[BSD-3-Clause](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

BSP STM32G0xx\_Nucleo

STMicroelectronics

[BSD-3-Clause](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

BSP STM32L4xx\_Nucleo

STMicroelectronics

[BSD-3-Clause](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

BSP NFC06A1, NFC08A1 and ST25R3916/ST25R3916B

STMicroelectronics

[BSD-3-Clause](https://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause)

NDEF+ RFAL Middlewares

STMicroelectronics

[ANNEX 1](#collapse-section3)

NUCLEO-L476RG/G0B1RE Projects Applications

STMicroelectronics

[ANNEX 2](#collapse-section4)

::: {.collapse}
**ANNEX 1: SLA0051**

<div>

SLA0051

Software license agreement
--------------------------

### **SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement")**

BY CLICKING ON THE \"I ACCEPT\" BUTTON OR BY UNZIPPING, INSTALLING,
COPYING, DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS SOFTWARE
(HEREINAFTER "SOFTWARE" MEANS THE RELATED SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION, OTHER
MATERIALS, AND ANY PARTS, PERMITTED MODIFICATIONS, AND PERMITTED
DERIVATIVES THEREOF) FROM STMICROELECTRONICS INTERNATIONAL N.V, SWISS
BRANCH AND/OR ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES ("STMICROELECTRONICS"), THE
RECIPIENT, ON BEHALF OF HIMSELF OR HERSELF, OR ON BEHALF OF ANY ENTITY
BY WHICH SUCH RECIPIENT IS EMPLOYED AND/OR ENGAGED ("YOU") AGREES TO BE
BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT.

You represent that you have the authority to enter into this Agreement.
You will comply with all laws, including export laws.
STMicroelectronics's failure or delay to enforce this Agreement does not
waive STMicroelectronics's rights. Swiss law, except conflict of laws,
governs this Agreement, and the parties consent to exclusive
jurisdiction of courts in Switzerland for litigation of this Agreement.

Subject to the below disclaimer, the redistribution, reproduction and
use in source and binary forms of the software or any part thereof, with
or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:

1\. Redistribution of source code (modified or not) must retain any
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2\. Redistributions in binary form, except as embedded into a
microcontroller or microprocessor device or a software update for such
device, must reproduce any copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.

3\. Neither the name of STMicroelectronics nor the names of other
contributors to this software may be used to endorse or promote products
using or derived from this software or part thereof without specific
written permission.

4\. This software or any part thereof, including modifications and/or
derivative works of this software, must be used and execute solely and
exclusively in combination with an integrated circuit that is
manufactured by or for STMicroelectronics and is an NFC tag, NFC dynamic
tag, NFC reader, or UHF reader.

5\. No use, reproduction or redistribution of this software may be done
in any manner that would subject this software to any Open Source Terms.
"Open Source Terms" shall mean any open source license which requires as
part of distribution of software that the source code of such software
is distributed therewith or otherwise made available, or open source
license that substantially complies with the Open Source definition
specified at www.opensource.org and any other comparable open source
license such as for example GNU General Public License (GPL), Eclipse
Public License (EPL), Apache Software License, BSD license and MIT
license.

6\. STMicroelectronics has no obligation to provide any maintenance,
support or updates for the software.

7\. The software is and will remain the exclusive property of
STMicroelectronics and its licensors. The recipient will not take any
action that jeopardizes STMicroelectronics and its licensors\'
proprietary rights or acquire any rights in the software, except the
limited rights specified hereunder.

8\. Redistribution and use of this software partially or any part thereof
other than as permitted under this license is void and will
automatically terminate your rights under this license.

DISCLAIMER THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY STMICROELECTRONICS AND
CONTRIBUTORS \"AS IS\" AND ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT
OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL STMICROELECTRONICS OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREUNDER, NO LICENSE OR OTHER RIGHTS, WHETHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE GRANTED UNDER ANY PATENT OR OTHER INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS OF STMICROELECTRONICS OR ANY THIRD PARTY.

</div>
:::

::: {.collapse}
**ANNEX 2: SLA0094**

<div>

SLA0094 Rev2/May 2020

Software license agreement
--------------------------

### **SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement")**

BY INSTALLING, COPYING, DOWNLOADING, ACCESSING OR OTHERWISE USING THIS
SOFTWARE OR ANY PART THEREOF (AND THE RELATED DOCUMENTATION) FROM
STMICROELECTRONICS INTERNATIONAL N.V, SWISS BRANCH AND/OR ITS AFFILIATED
COMPANIES (STMICROELECTRONICS), THE RECIPIENT, ON BEHALF OF HIMSELF OR
HERSELF, OR ON BEHALF OF ANY ENTITY BY WHICH SUCH RECIPIENT IS EMPLOYED
AND/OR ENGAGED AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT.
Under STMicroelectronics' intellectual property rights, the
redistribution, reproduction and use in source and binary forms of the
software or any part thereof, with or without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1\. Redistribution of source code (modified or not) must retain any
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the disclaimer set forth
below as items 10 and 11.

2\. Redistributions in binary form, except as embedded into
microcontroller or microprocessor device manufactured by or for
STMicroelectronics or a software update for such device, must reproduce
any copyright notice provided with the binary code, this list of
conditions, and the disclaimer set forth below as items 10 and 11, in
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3\. Neither the name of STMicroelectronics nor the names of other
contributors to this software may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software or part thereof without specific written
permission.

4\. This software or any part thereof, including modifications and/or
derivative works of this software, must be used and execute solely and
exclusively on or in combination with a microcontroller and/or
microprocessor and another device manufactured by or for
STMicroelectronics.

5\. No use, reproduction or redistribution of this software partially or
totally may be done in any manner that would subject this software to
any Open Source Terms. "Open Source Terms" shall mean any open source
license which requires as part of distribution of software that the
source code of such software is distributed therewith or otherwise made
available, or open source license that substantially complies with the
Open Source definition specified at www.opensource.org and any other
comparable open source license such as for example GNU General Public
License (GPL), Eclipse Public License (EPL), Apache Software License,
BSD license or MIT license.

6\. STMicroelectronics has no obligation to provide any maintenance,
support or updates for the software.

7\. The software is and will remain the exclusive property of
STMicroelectronics and its licensors. The recipient will not take any
action that jeopardizes STMicroelectronics and its licensors'
proprietary rights or acquire any rights in the software, except the
limited rights specified hereunder.

8\. The recipient shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations
affecting the use of the software or any part thereof including any
applicable export control law or regulation.

9\. Redistribution and use of this software or any part thereof other
than as permitted under this license is void and will automatically
terminate your rights under this license.

10\. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY STMICROELECTRONICS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY RIGHTS, WHICH ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW. IN NO EVENT SHALL STMICROELECTRONICS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN
ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

11\. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED HEREUNDER, NO LICENSE OR OTHER RIGHTS,
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE GRANTED UNDER ANY PATENT OR OTHER
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF STMICROELECTRONICS OR ANY THIRD PARTY.

</div>
:::
